controlar
Here You are.
Hello, Yoi.
Where have you been?
You're just drinking two superweeds.
What for?
Superweed, coils, Zhyu-shu-nye,
Over and for all day!
Zhyu yue一个字
I don't have to drink a glass of sake for you.
You can call me a drinker.
But I'm a little bit lazy to be called a drinker.
What? You're not lazy?
No, I'm not.
I'm not lazy.
Can't you talk to me?
You can't meet someone you haven't met for a long time.
I'm an old man.
I'll be a drinker for a while.
I'll say I'm a drinker.
I'll play with you in the street.
But you can drink when you're in a bad mood.
You can also play when you have money.
I'll say that.
I'll make you drink a lot of sake.
I'll drink a glass of sake when you're not in a bad mood.
I only have one glass of sake.
I'm old.
You're old.
I'm 45 years old.
I'm sorry.
But I'm not old.
I'm 45 years old.
I'm not old.
I don't know anything.
I'm 41 years old.
I'm not old.
Thank you.
This is your house.
How could you be an old man?
You're old.
I'm the old man.
I don't know anything.
I'm a drinker.
I'm an old man.
Thank you.
Well, you can drink a lot.
I'm glad you're drinking so much.
Kaka, what's wrong with you?
Where are you going? I'm a demon.
What's wrong?
I just got a coin from the place where Takehan was born.
That's great. I'm going to go now.
I'm going to go now. I'm going to go to the place where I was born.
I'm going to go. I'm going to go.
You're going to go? I don't want to go.
Takehan, hello.
Come in.
It's a big trouble.
I'm glad you're happy.
I'm happy that you got a good coin.
I didn't think you'd do that.
Kaka said it.